# Viney-Glenn.github.io
Divine Glenn, Divineglenn12345@gmail.com

This is my account for my school curriculum titled Web, Pgm, Db foundations. I will be utilizing this GitHub account to delegate my course assignments, projects, etc.  


The repository that I have created will encompass consequential material for my course Web, Pgm, Db foundations. Within this course, it will consist of projects, assignments along with other task. It will be composed of key data, code and documentation. 


### About Me
##### **My Interest**
 * Hello, allow me a moment while I explain to you who I am! For starters my name is Divine. Please feel free to call me Viney! I want to begin with telling you what it is I enjoy doing. I thoroughly enjoy cooking. The creative mindset one must possess behind composing eccentric, tasty dishes screams ME! When I create dishes and I get feedback on how delicious my food is, at times to the point where one's ask me to cater their birthday meal, it brings me life. The result of me doing something I enjoy brings an outcome of satisfaction to others. Give me 3 ingredients and I'll be sure to create a gourmet dish while making a stunning presentation. Another hobby of mines is that I occasionally like to draw. I am creative when it comes to cooking but I do not have an creative eye when it comes to drawing. I have to look at something and once I do so, I will be able to replicate it for the most part. Being able to look at something and practically paste it when I draw, it's what taught me to develop many fonts. I have a variety of handwritings One in which I was told it looks like Hebrew or grew writing, it's very neat and pretty but not easy to understand at times. I recently made birthday letter cut outs along with birthday decor simply by drawing, coloring, and cutting out. I again was asked if I could make something similar for someone's birthday. I have an extensive list of other hobbies & talents. I like to sing, I know how to sew and crochet, I do hair as I am a traveling hairstylist. Know that you know a little about me personally, lets get to know me academically.
 * Currently I am attending Wake Tech to purse my AAS in Business Analytics. Being out there trying to find a job out in the work world was very difficult. I possessed a variety of transferable skills. I was well capable of being able to perform the essential job duties for different jobs I wanted. Because I didn't have experience or the required education, often times I was overlooked. This is part of what drove my decision to go back to school to get my degree. I aspire to graduate, get an internship within a company and be able to grow within that organization. Being that I find another job in my field, for a chance of a greater opportunity. I will accept it if it benefits myself as well as the company. 
 * I want to lastly share about my motivations in life. My religious background that I follow is part of what makes me the person I am today. It is a constant working and examining of myself. It helps me to be subconscious about myself, my actions. That is what keeps me going. Something else that motivates me in life is Setting goals. Having an eagerness within me wanting to reach that goal is also what drives and motivates me. If I set a goal, I'm always finding ways, asking questions, being diligent about how it is I'm going to reach that goal for my desired outcome. As long as I set goals and have faith that I will achieve it, I will always keep giving it my all and persevering. 

##### **Websites I recommend**
1. [CarGurus](www.cargurus.com)  -CarGurus contains cars of all Makes, Models, Colors and prices. If your ever in the process of finding a new vehicle, CarGurus is where to go. you'll find the car of your hearts desire from the comfort of your home. Don't worry about wasting gas driving to your local lot that doesn't have your car in stock and risk the sales person approving you for a car the opposite of what you initially asked for. 
2. [Canva](www.canva.com)  -Lately I have been making a variety of invitations. If your wanting to host an event, invite friends and family out to your wedding, baby shower, etc. I recommend Canva. They have a range of templates, beautiful designs to captivate what it is your are wanting to achieve. Pay for a subscription? Even better, that many more of options. 
3. [Rocket Money](www.rocketmoney.com)  -Are you someone who was like me? Whenever that check hit on Friday, your spending excessively and when you went to check your account and you wondered who touched your money and where did it all go? Check out Rocket Money. Rocket Money helps you budget, keeps track of all of your accounts, it tells you your credit score, net worth, helps you with saving goals and many more. All you have to do is linked all of your associated accounts, your personal information and just like that, it'll pull up everything you swiped that card with and it will provide you with how much you spent every month. 
4. [Amazon](www.amazon.com)  -Everything is so much easier and convenient online. Amazon has any and everything you can think about. From the eggs you may have forgotten at Walmart, go ahead and go on amazon fresh to schedule next day or same day delivery to furniture you may need for your the house you just closed on. Amazon has it all. They usually offer decent prices, and good quality. If you have an issue with your order, their customer service is there to help you as best as possible.
5. [Youtube](www.youtube.com)  -I find Youtube both entertaining and resourceful. If your struggling with how to tint your brand new Audi Q5, all you have to do is type in, "How to tint my Q5 tutorial. If your bored, you can find your favorite youtuber, watch Youtube shorts, watch sport clips etc. Youtube offers a variety of things to be able to do to keep yourself busy. 
